Newsletters: add 165 (2021-09-08) (#639)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2021-09-08-newsletter.md

  associated wallet and other software. Major changes in this new
  version include support for [I2P][topic anonymity networks] connections,
  removal of support for [version 2 Tor][topic anonymity networks] connections,
  and enhanced support for hardware wallets.

- [Bitcoin Core 0.21.2rc2][bitcoin core 0.21.2] is a release candidate
  for a maintenance version of Bitcoin Core.  It contains several bug
  fixes and small improvements.

## Notable code and documentation changes

*Notable changes this week in [Bitcoin Core][bitcoin core repo],
[C-Lightning][c-lightning repo], [Eclair][eclair repo], [LND][lnd repo],
[Rust-Lightning][rust-lightning repo], [libsecp256k1][libsecp256k1
repo], [Hardware Wallet Interface (HWI)][hwi repo],
[Rust Bitcoin][rust bitcoin repo], [BTCPay Server][btcpay server repo],
[Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIPs)][bips repo], and [Lightning
BOLTs][bolts repo].*

- [Bitcoin Core #22009][] introduces a heuristic to quantify thriftiness
  of [coin selection][topic coin selection] results. The heuristic can
  be configured with the new option `-consolidatefeerate`, which
  determines the boundary between consolidatory and thrifty behavior.

>   The wallet will now prefer the least wasteful input set from results

Author: @Xekyo what is "the least wasteful input set"?

Reviewer: Well, we call the heuristic the "waste metric", but given that I actually removed that term in one of my iterations, I should probably go with something like:

```suggestion
  The wallet will now prefer the best scoring input set from results
```

Alternatively, I'd mention "a heuristic called the 'waste metric'" in the first sentence. @harding: Do you have a preference in either direction?

Author: @Xekyo at present, without re-reading your paper, both terms are equally meaningless to me.  What makes one input set less wasteful, or better scoring, than another?

Reviewer: Okay, I took another stab at it, adding a bit more background information. I hope that it's clearer now, although it may be a bit too long now.

Reviewer 2: I've broken up/rearranged the description a bit, so that it starts with the overview (use both algos and decide which is best), then describes the heuristic, then concludes with the end result and future work.

  of the Branch and Bound (BnB) algorithm and the Knapsack algorithm.
  Previously, the changeless BnB result was always preferred if one was

>   found. The subsequent PR #17526 aims to introduce a third coin

Reviewer: Done!

>   selection algorithm based on a single random draw from the wallet's

Reviewer: Done!

  be configured with the new option `-consolidatefeerate`, which
  determines the boundary between consolidatory and thrifty behavior.
  The wallet will now prefer the least wasteful input set from results
  of the Branch and Bound (BnB) algorithm and the Knapsack algorithm.
  Previously, the changeless BnB result was always preferred if one was
  found. The subsequent PR #17526 aims to introduce a third coin
  selection algorithm based on a single random draw from the wallet's
  UTXO pool.

- [Eclair #1907][] updates how it uses block chain watchdogs to prevent
  [eclipse attacks][topic eclipse attacks] (see [Newsletter
  #123][news123 eclair watchdogs]).  When Tor is available, Eclair now
  uses it to contact the watchdogs (using native onion endpoints when
  possible).  This should make it more difficult for an upstream
  attacker to selectively censor just the watchdog providers.

- [Eclair #1910][] updates how it uses Bitcoin Core's ZMQ messaging
  interface to improve the reliability of learning about new blocks.
  Anyone else using ZMQ for block discovery may wish to investigate the
  changes.

- [BIPs #1143][] introduces BIPs 380-386 specifying

>   [output script descriptors](). Output script descriptors are a simple

Reviewer 3: Wasn't sure if a rehash of what output script descriptors was helpful at all so feel free to remove it.
